---
page_title: "CloudVision Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The CloudVision portal provider to interact with CloudVision.
---

# CloudVision

CloudVision is a network management framework supporting workload orchestration, workflow automation and telemetry.  CloudVision is a modern, multi-domain network management plane built on cloud networking principles for telemetry, analytics and automation. Designed for use in data center, wired and wireless campus, multi-cloud, and routing use-cases, CloudVision provides a consistent operational model across domains, helping enterprises to simplify network operations by breaking down traditional network management silos.

# CloudVision Provider

The CloudVision provider allows a user to interact with CloudVision resources.

The provider gives the ability to
- Add new Arista EOS devices to Cloud vision portal.
- Manage Cloud vision portal configlets.
- Manage Cloud vision portal containers.
- Move Arista EOS devices to their proper containers.
- Attach additional configlets to each device.

These resources are driven through the rest client for Golang called [go-cvprac](https://github.com/aristanetworks/go-cvprac) using what CloudVision calls the provisiong APIs.
and also the [resource API's.](https://aristanetworks.github.io/cloudvision-apis/)

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    cvprovider = {
      source = "aristanetworks/cloudvision"
    }
  }
}

provider "cvprovider" {
    cvp = "www.cv-staging.corp.arista.io"
    token = "${var.cvptoken}"
    port = 443
}
```

### Required

This will need to be a version 2021.3.1 or higher of CloudVision or cvaas.

To receive a service token please follow [this guide](https://www.arista.com/en/cg-cv/cv-service-accounts)

Once the token is issued it will need to be either referenced within a var as the following.

```terraform
provider "cvprovider" {
    cvp = "10.90.226.175"
    cvptoken = "locationoftoken.txt"
    port = 443
}

```

The alternative and suggested method is to use a environmental variable.  For example,

```
export TF_VAR_cvptoken=123456789abcdefghi
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Reference
------------------
Cloudvision Terraform varaibles that are currently supported within the provider 

 * `cvp` - (Required) Address either the CloudVision as a Service address or the IP/Hostname of the CloudVision server. 
 * `token` - (Required) The service token which is required.  This can be either a file to open or a environmental varialbe. 
 * `port` - (Required) Port in which CloudVision requests are ran upon for the provider.  The default it 443. 


```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    cvprovider = {
      source = "aristanetworks/cloudvision"
    }
  }
}

provider "cvprovider" {
    cvp = "www.cv-staging.corp.arista.io"
    token = "${var.cvptoken}"
    port = 443
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cvp` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `token` (String)
